[DOC] Update snippets (#14)
seqan/learning-resources: doc/nanocourse/bwt.md

\snippet test/snippet/nanocourse/bwt_count_table.cpp bwt_construction

For simplicity, we will only work on the alphabet \f$\Sigma = {\$, i, m, p, s}\f$.

Implement a function `std::vector<uint16_t> compute_count_table(std::string const & bwt)` that returns a count table
of length 5 with the counts for the characters `$, i, m, p, s` in that order.

> Since we will often decide what to do on the read character, we will use the following helper function to map a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since we will often need the index of a given alphabet character, we will use the following helper function to map a
```

0 1 5 6 8
```

If you are inexperienced with C++, you can use the following backbone:

\hint
```cpp
std::vector<uint16_t> compute_count_table(std::string const & bwt)
{

>     std::vector<uint16_t> count_table(5);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    std::vector<uint16_t> count_table(5); // the prefix count table.
```

    for (auto chr : bwt)
    {

>         for (size_t i = to_index(chr) + 1; i < /*TODO: which positions in count_table need to be increased?*/; ++i)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // which positions in count_table need to be increased?
        for (size_t i = /*TODO: start position to be increased*/; i < /*TODO: end position to be increased*/; ++i)
```

>             ++count_table[i];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            ++count_table[i]; // increase position i by 1.
```

\endsolution

Let \f$Occ : \Sigma \times [0..n] \rightarrow [0..n]\f$ be a function that maps \f$(c,k) \in \Sigma \times [0..n]\f$

> to the number of occurrences of \f$c\f$ in the prefix \f$L[0..k]\f$ of the transformed text \f$L\f$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the number of occurrences of \f$c\f$ in the prefix \f$L[0..k)\f$ of the transformed text \f$L\f$.
```

        // fill the bitvectors
        for (size_t i = 0; i < bwt.size(); ++i)

>             data[to_index(/* TODO: get the i'th bitvector.*/)].write(i, 1);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            data[to_index(/* TODO: get the i'th character in the bwt.*/)].write(i, 1);
```
